TLS Sync VS Code Extensions (#5260)
microsoft/rushstack: vscode-extensions/tls-sync-vscode-workspace-extension/README.md

# TLS Sync VS Code Extension (Remote / Workspace Extension)

This extension is designed to work with the [TLS Sync VS Code UI extension](../tls-sync-vscode-ui-extension), providing a seamless experience for managing TLS certificates in a remote workspace environment.

> The Workspace extension get the local debug certificate from the UI extension and writes it to the remote workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Workspace extension gets the client's debug certificate from the UI extension and writes it to the remote workspace.
```
